DOCS-5038 Source Code Integration Edits (Embedding Git Metadata) (#17364)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

If you have [APM][6] set up already, navigate to [**Integrations** > **Link Source Code**][7] and configure the source code integration for your backend services.

## Link active commits

> You can link active commits by either [**tagging your telemetry**](#tag-your-telemetry) or [**embedding git information**](#embed-git-information-in-your-artifacts-on-ci) in the deployed artifact. 

Reviewer: Just a small suggestion as I'm not sure if this was intentional (bolding the link text).

If you have [APM][6] set up already, navigate to [**Integrations** > **Link Source Code**][7] and configure the source code integration for your backend services.

> ## Link active commits

Author: ```suggestion
## Link active commits

You can link active commits by either [**tagging your telemetry**](#tag-your-telemetry) or [**embedding git information**](#embed-git-information-in-your-artifacts-on-ci) in the deployed artifact. 
```

Datadog only captures the repository URL, the commit SHA of the current branch, and a list of tracked file paths—Datadog does not ingest or store any user code.

### Embed git information in your artifacts on CI

> You can tag your telemetry with git information, such as the repository URL and commit hash, for artifacts built in a CI pipeline. The [Datadog Tracing Libraries][9] use this information to tag your telemetry.

Author: ```suggestion
You can embed git information such as the repository URL and commit hash in your artifact. The [Datadog Tracing Libraries][9] use this information to automatically link the active commit to your APM service.

Select one of the following languages that supports embedding git information:
```
